in this movie we were shown three types
of kingdoms
our planet earth the world of hell and a
world where powerful people live
and here everything is quite different
these three kingdoms used to fight a lot
because each one wanted to win to rule
all the kingdoms
due to their fights it is decided that
there will be a war between them
and this movie is named on that war
mortal kombat
the one who wins will rule over the
other kingdoms and will merge all
kingdoms into one
this war will have a total of nine
rounds the kingdom
where people were powerful was named as
outworld and its leader didn't want to
start the mortal combat war
because he considered himself very
strong and used to kill people without
any war
at the beginning of the movie we were
shown the past where we see a man
his name was hang so and he was the best
warrior of the kingdom earth
he used to live with his wife son and a
little baby girl
they were living very happily one day
when hangzhou was not at home
an outworld warrior attacks on his home
that man starts killing all people of
that area
and then he comes to hangzhou's wife and
son hanzo's wife has hidden the little
girl in the basement of their home
but that man freezes hangzo's wife and
son and kill them
when hangso comes back he see that
everyone was dead and he starts to fight
him
and during their fight that man kills
hangso
then the soul of hangso goes to the
kingdom of hell and then there come the
leader of earth
who take out the little girl from there
and take hanzo's knife with him
now the story moves to present where we
see that the outworld has already won
nine rounds and was ready to rule over
the world
but there was also a prediction that
hangzo's blood will unite many young
people
who will fight against that kingdom and
will protect their kingdom earth
now the people who were chosen to fight
back the kingdom they had a mark on
their body which was a dragon
a man among them is cole who used to
live with his wife and daughter
and he keeps getting visions of hangzhou
and his knife but he was unable to know
that why this was happening
then we see that the same outworld
warrior who killed hangso
comes to kill him but a man comes there
and saves them
he offers him ride and gives the address
of his friend
and asks them to go there and that man
himself starts fighting the outworld
warrior
outworld warrior freezes his hands and
blasts them
then we see cole and his family has
reached at that friend's home
that girl's name was sonia and she tells
them that they both were in army
and we were given a task to find those
people who had a mark which tells that
they are warriors of earth
since then we are doing research on them
she tells cole that he has the same
dragon mark on his body
which means that you will also fight
mortal kombat and you were chosen by
nature
cole laughs and tells her that she'd
just be joking
then sonja says no we also have to find
other people for the war
who have this mark on their body and you
will help me and you have to join me
then sonia introduces cole to a man who
is very angry
he had also the same mark on his body
they were just talking when
there comes a reptile looking creature
they fight it and the lights were also
going on and off
but in the end the angry man kills that
reptile-looking creature now nobody
knows
actually where to train themselves as
the kingdom earth's warriors
but the angry man knew but he says that
he has no interest in this and he is not
going to tell anyone
then sonia offers him some money and he
agrees
and then they go there by a plane this
place was a temple in the desert
where the warriors were trained and the
leader of kingdom earth has made it
there they meet a temple guide who was
also a warrior of kingdom earth
there were paintings of old era seeing
which cole start seeing visions again
then we see sonja's friend as well he
lost his hands but new mechanical hands
were attached to his body
they seemed like robotic hands and were
attached by none other than the leader
of the earth who came there already
he meets all the warriors there and
tells them we don't have much time left
for war and you people aren't still
ready with no power in you
then leader of the outworld comes there
who came here to kill them with his
companions
leader of the ear makes a shield between
them due to which
the outworld people unable attack them
then we see the brother of that temple
guide who says that we own many powers
can't we join them let's take the
training his brother agrees and now they
were getting training with warriors
but sonia wasn't getting trained as her
body neither had that mark nor she had
any superpower
during the training everyone's super
powers were being revealed
like temple guide can light up fire with
his hands and his brother has a unique
hat which works like blade
and that angry person can emit laser
light from his eyes but no superpower
was revealed for coal yet
leader of kingdom earth asks him do you
know who you are
you are from the great leader hangzhou's
tribe i saved her daughter life years
ago and then you were also born
afterwards in the same tribe
but cole replies that i don't want to be
the part of this battle
i want to stay with my wife and daughter
then the leader sends him back to his
home and he becomes very happy to get
back to home
but on the other hand the leader from
the outworld is preparing his warriors
for the battle
he then takes them to attack on the
kingdom earth one of the members of
outworld offers angry man plenty of
money and power
if he joins them angry man was a greedy
man by nature
so he accepts the offer and joins their
gang and removes the shield with help of
his laser that was originally
established
by the leader earth kingdom by
destroying the shield
outworld's people gained access to the
earth and start extreme fighting
everyone was attacking each other and
when the brother of temple guide is
about to kill the leader of outworld
then suddenly a female
warrior from outworld comes and attacks
him but he cut her in two pieces by his
blade hat
angry man was also attacking the kingdom
earth's people
friend of sonia was also not in full
powers and his hands were out of
function
on the other side while cole was with
his family they see a giant creature
which suddenly attacks them
when cole sees that he is going to
attack his family then
he gets super angry all of sudden his
superpowers start revealing and his body
starts to get covered with a shield and
two swords appear in his hands from
which he then kills that creature
cole now has an idea that temple is also
under attack and if this world is going
to be destroyed
then his family could never be safe too
thinking the same he goes back to the
temple
where another female warrior from
outworld is trying to kill
sonja then she comes to know that sonja
isn't warrior and leaves her
but then the angry man comes there to
attack her he makes her numb
then we see that the hands of sanya's
friend are still not working
he tries a lot and becomes angry then
out of sudden
his mechanical hands get very advanced
and he gets power
he lifts the stones around and saves
sanya's life
when outworld leader comes to know that
coal is from hangzhou's tribe
he tries to kill him and attacks him but
at the very moment
leader of kingdom earth makes a shield
where they can live safely
he starts to teleport all the warriors
to there but then the special warrior of
outworld leader attacks on coal
brother of temple guide comes there to
save coal by his hat
but outworld's leader catches him and
takes out his soul
unluckily no one could save him and they
all get transferred to that shield area
where they are safe
there leader of kingdom earth gives cole
a knife this was the knife of hang so
he tells him that if you use this in the
war hangzhou's soul will help you cole
says that we will fight the warriors
individually and in the end we will
fight their special warriors
so that none of them could attack us and
then they do the same
sonja's friend and temple guide kills
their two warriors there
now sonia goes to kingdom earth to kill
that angry man because he betrayed them
his body had the dragon mark the mark of
the kingdom earth but he betrayed
sonia managed to kill him at last and
now his mark has shifted to sanya's body
now she has become a warrior she comes
back to war and her superpower reveals
there
that her hands emit a type of energy
which can kill anyone
she kills female warrior of outworld as
soon as she comes there
outworld leader becomes angry when he
becomes aware of this
he orders his special warrior to go and
freeze cole's family so that they cannot
win
cole reaches there when he becomes aware
of this and starts fighting to protect
his family
but soon the special warrior takes him
over with his freezing power and freezes
his hands
cole takes out his knife but that
warrior injures his hand and his hand
starts to bleed
with the help of this blood king hangso
gets free from kingdom
hell but he has become a scorpion now he
still loves his family
now cole and hang so are fighting
together with that special warrior
as hangso has come from hell so he
starts using his special powers
he blows fire on that warrior from
outworld and burns him to death
cole successfully evacuates his family
hangso tells him to take care of himself
and his family and then he goes from
there
in the meantime leader of kingdom earth
and other warriors reached a coal
the outworld leader also came there and
becomes furious
he collects the ashes of his
all-warriors and says that this time you
defeated me with your presence of mind
but he will come back with his army one
day
leader of kingdom earth replies that you
are defeated badly
now go away then he abducts him by
emitting his laser beam on the outworld
leader
then the earth's leader tells his
warriors that we won today
but there may be a war again and we will
need more good warriors for that
in the end we see that cole goes to find
another man who is also a warrior and
with that
the movie ends